Add auction series (#2183)
near/docs: docs/3.tutorials/auction/5-frontend.md

| **index.js**          | The main page where most of the projects components are loaded into and contains most of the logic for the application like viewing the state of the contract and logic for placing a bid |
| **near.js**           | Contains the wallet class that has methods to interact with the wallet and blockchain |
| **context.js**        | Holds the global context - the wallet object and the signed in account ID - that can be accessed anywhere |
| **config.js**         | Specifies the account ID of the auction contract |
| **Navigation.jsx**    | A component that contains a button to sign users in and out of wallets |
| **Bid.jsx**           | A component allowing a user to make a bid |
| **LastBid.jsx**       | A component that displays the highest bid and when the highest bid will next refresh |
| **AuctionItem.jsx**   | A component that displays information about the NFT being auctioned  |
| **Timer.jsx**         | A component that shows how long till the auction is over, or, if over, displays a button to claim the auction and then states the auction is over |

---

## Specifying the contract

> We have a config file that specifies the contract name of the auction that the frontend will interact with. The example given is a pre-deployed contract from part 4 of the tutorial. The example contract is set up to accept bids in DAI (dai.fakes.testnet), has an NFT token pre-minted and owned by the contract account, and has an end auction time far in the future. Feel free to change the specified contract to your own auction that you deploy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have a config file that specifies the contract name of the auction that the frontend will interact with. The example given is a pre-deployed contract from [part 4 of the tutorial](4-ft.md). The example contract is set up to accept bids in DAI (dai.fakes.testnet), has an NFT token pre-minted and owned by the contract account, and has an end auction time far in the future. Feel free to change the specified contract to your own auction that you deploy.
```

<Language value="javascript" language="javascript" showSingleFName={true}>
    <Github fname="config.js"
            url="https://github.com/near-examples/auctions-tutorial/tree/main/frontend/src/config.js"
            />
</Language>

---

## Setting up wallets

> To be able to fully interact with the contract - send bids or claim the auction - you'll need a `wallet` to sign transactions. Wallets securely store your private keys and allow you to sign transactions without exposing your private key to the frontend. The wallet selector is used to allow users to use choose between a selection of wallets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To be able to fully interact with the contract - send bids or claim the auction - you'll need a `wallet` to sign transactions. Wallets securely store your private keys and allow you to sign transactions without exposing your private key to the frontend. The wallet selector allows users to choose between a selection of wallets.
```

        url="https://github.com/near-examples/auctions-tutorial/blob/main/frontend/src/pages/index.js#L99-L109"
        start="99" end="109" />
    <Github fname="near.js" 
        url="https://github.com/near-examples/auctions-tutorial/blob/main/frontend/src/wallets/near.js#L107-L126"
        start="107" end="126"/>
</Language>

We now multiply the bid amount by the decimals of the FT to get the correct amount to send. Since this method requires a 1 yoctoNEAR deposit the wallet will prompt the user to sign the transaction.

---

## Claiming the auction

Once the auction is over (the current time is greater than the end time) the auction can be claimed. At this point, the timer will be hidden and a button to claim the auction will be displayed. Once clicked the `claim` method will be called on the auction contract to send the highest bidder the NFT and the auctioneer the FTs.

<Language value="javascript" language="javascript" showSingleFName={true}>
    <Github fname="index.js" 
        url="https://github.com/near-examples/auctions-tutorial/blob/main/frontend/src/pages/index.js#L111-L118"
        start="111" end="118" />
</Language>

---

## Conclusion

> In this part of the tutorial, we have implemented a simple frontend for a NEAR contract. Along the way we have learned how to use the wallet selector to sign the user in and out, how to view the contract’s state, how to sign and send transactions, and use ft_transfer_call from a frontend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this part of the tutorial, we have implemented a simple frontend for a NEAR contract. Along the way, you have learned how to use the wallet selector to sign the user in and out, how to view the contract’s state, how to sign and send transactions, and use ft_transfer_call from a frontend.
```

> Whilst we can see the highest bid we may want to see the auction's bidding history. Since the contract only stores the most recent bid we need to use an indexer to pull historical data. In the [next part](./6-indexing.md) of the tutorial, we'll look at quering historical data using an API endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While we can see the highest bid, we may want to see the auction's bidding history. Since the contract only stores the most recent bid, we need to use an indexer to pull historical data. In the [next part](./6-indexing.md) of the tutorial, we'll look at querying historical data using an API endpoint.
```
